[Feat] Enable controls inside container (#1094)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/container.md

Unlike `Page`, the `Container` model offers additional visual customization options:

> - **`variant`**: Allows you to select a visual style for the container, making it stand out from the rest of the page content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`variant`**: Enables you to select a visual style for the container, making it stand out from the rest of the page content.
```

> - **`collapsed`**: Enables collapsible behavior, letting you define whether the container's contents are initially shown or hidden

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`collapsed`**: Enables collapsible behavior. You can define whether the container's contents are initially shown or hidden.
```

        [![ContainerInfoIcon]][containerinfoicon]

## Add controls to container

> The `Container` now accept `controls` argument, where you can define container-specific controls for better grouping and interaction of related components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Container` now accepts a `controls` argument, where you can define container-specific controls to group related components for better interaction.
```

> By default, a control affects only components within its container when no targets are specified. To affect the components outside the container, use the `targets` argument of [Filter][vizro.models.Filter] or [Parameter][vizro.models.Parameter] to explicitly define them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a control affects only components within its container when no targets are specified. To affect components outside the container, use the `targets` argument of [Filter][vizro.models.Filter] or [Parameter][vizro.models.Parameter] to explicitly define them.
```

        [![ContainerInfoIcon]][containerinfoicon]

## Add controls to container

The `Container` now accepts a `controls` argument, where you can define container-specific controls to group related components for better interaction.

By default, controls only affect components inside their own container.

!!! example "Container with controls"

    === "app.py"

>         ```{.python pycafe-link hl_lines="14-18"}

Reviewer 2: This example makes a lot more sense 👍 🚀  Wondering if we should explicitly rename them "Container with gapminder data" and "Container with iris data". WDYT?

        [![ContainerInfoIcon]][containerinfoicon]

## Add controls to container

> The `Container` now accepts a `controls` argument, where you can define container-specific controls to group related components for better interaction. By default, controls only affect components inside their own container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Container` has a `controls` argument, where you can define container-specific controls to group related components for better interaction. By default, controls only affect components inside their own container.
```

> Here are a few cases where you might want to use `controls` within `Container`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are a few cases where you might want to use `controls` within a `Container`:
```
